there's no Starbucks McDonald my God
they drew they drew they drew a dog with
a big on the
wall this is a normal dog in Africa
we've seen oh my God I'll take it senal
yeah they're I will say they were
senagal black that was yeah I've watched
enough of the World Cup to know there's
a you know what I me Brian Jes
what what I'm getting cancelled for
[Music]
this uh why does it think I'm a male
whatever I don't care so we all see a
different thing at the same time I'd
like we could see the same one and we
all have to guess the same one that
that's the same footage for everyone M I
don't like the fact you talk logic there
we're not guessing the same one or we
are we are we're guessing the same we
all get the same location but we're all
able to move around on our own yeah
that's what I mean yeah that's what we
doing the way you were talking was like
we all get different locations no that
was the way you were talking oh man
almost like you don't like Logic the
[__] I don't think I said that at all
make up let's play come on why do you
look like Jerry Adams looks like Jerry
Adams editor get a picture of Jerry
Adams there he is right
there I am here to guess locations all
right let's go World Cat World Cat
instead of World Star World catar Is
Still a thing I used to watch that back
the the fs do is it the f the fs is that
when the black people fight each other
you know there'll be a black man ver
another black man then you another black
man you go ooh this is good okay there's
a custom map called The Dumb Test and I
think these are like really well-known
places but it might make us look stupid
see who's dumb as [__] oh dude welcome
dnf test the dnf test dumb as [__] I'm
going to fail these horribly I feel like
sasos Point Continental Cuba nice 90
miles to Cuba so then this is south of
Florida Miami bro yeah Miami there you
go would this be b game B I didn't even
think I just guessed based off what you
said I I'm like 4T off this [__] was
right Dam spot
on SP on that's crazy no zoom in I'm
closer than her zoom in I'm next to the
[__] thing you're n your name wait
your name is nedward
son N word is winning I thought you were
talking about me that I saw POS no
[__] I'm
there for the wi look at the two Irish
[__] like thises
righty if you don't get this you dumb
dnf dumb as [__] now let's see if you
know where exactly it is I don't know
where it is I really don't know where it
is oh I found it shut up shut up hey
look the Hornby Lighthouse Brian Michael
Hornby
okay there it is and the crowd Michael
Hornby I think it's fny let's see who
got close got to go away no this
shouldn't be a team game
be a [__] I was 8T away again oh my gosh
it was the other side N word does it
again where's Nola I'm I'm across the
street
syney I've been half I'm over at Luna
Park Sydney I was just uh stopping up
first Brian I think I'm near I'm a bit
lost where where are you where are you
where are you I'm outside and then pasta
decided she was too impatient she wanted
to go inside and watch the [__] Opera
she's sitting down
Sit did you see been on the thing oh my
God where could this be guys yeah well
let's see if you can [__] get it this
one is pretty obvious no yeah but where
exactly where where in Greece is it Nola
I'm going to go here I'm going to go
which side which side of it is the real
question is this is this where you got
drunk and passed out no that was Milan
oh outer Italian city I think I'm banned
from
Milan who got n does it again my my name
is still n isn't it yes it is changing
it changing World Cat and word it didn't
change I know this is well as a YouTuber
we definitely know where this one is ah
yes Beverly Hills
this is a G oh I know this this is
that's the ramp in GTA 5 right there
yeah yeah yeah the little car park ramps
yeah that's that's I know this from GTA
5 finally GTA V is kicking in all those
hours driving around I I'm hoping that's
it is this it is this oh 10 oh [__] I'm
going to have to I'm I'm I need to use
one of my lifelines there got it wait no
wrong oh my God I'm in there we're all
in there baby I got it again though pass
okay pass it when you see the object
you're supposed to put where you think
the cameraman is not the [__] thing
you're looking at you're not even on a
road she literally no look she's right
next to Beverly Hill sign exactly she's
putting herself like Statue liberty
she's going to put herself in the middle
of the water she's doing fine
she's wait once I zoom out no clicked
the thing that says Beverly Hill sign
it's probably just a picture on the road
of the sign dude NW word's going to have
a perfect game we need to get some
African stuff going ah yes okay all
right I know Africa is this this is in
Washington DC is it h I'm stupid okay
don't worry I'm representing Ireland for
you okay I don't wow great I think I
might be within inches as a Captain
America fan I know exactly where this is
on your left [__] uh Reagan Airport I
feel like I'm not close bro you're so
[__] dumb where
okay if I were to go here I'd fly into
this airport I get an over
here yeah he's moving his Mouse long his
house and then things to get there D now
if I take my Memorial Parkway and then
get on the 395 make my way North and
then I get across now I could take a
right at the M oh McDonald's oh I might
be stopic flurry 20 seconds got 10
seconds left I'm going to pick here oh
[__] I'm again I think it's done [__]
we are I picked the wrong side oh Pastor
we're both stupid yeah we are both on
the
wrong Bri honestly Brian I wouldn't be
mocking me too much I wouldn't mock me
too much Mr Terrorizer you're only 20
points away from me remember that so if
I'm a [__] you're a skin a [__]
pube away from a [__] okay you be
careful now
inbr you lived in the corner from the
Beverly hill sign and you could get it
right well I didn't leave my apartment
much Nord wins though congratulations
Nord Mak a big comeback in that was a
good test a bit too easy though I need
more Africa okay we'll do famous places
Which is less I know that's not going to
be Africa there's famous things in
Africa name
[Music]
one okay this this is like what what
what did you say this is Gen impact you
said this is genin impact Chinese person
immediately said that that's insane bro
oh I know this one anime do you yeah I
know this anime yeah my guess is Nepal
why are you telling us I'd rather you
just shut the [__] up I guess I'm here
to have fun with you stop helping [__]
off I think it's Nepal I don't
know I don't know I I it's somewhere
around here it's a Chinese I don't know
I'm I don't think it's
I don't think it's Chinese I don't think
these these guys don't look
Chinese I think it's here they don't
like Chinese what do you mean there's
tourists they're too they're not all
going to be Chinese I think I think
they're too Brown to be
Chinese what that's why it's Nepal it's
close look
BH [__] well don't pasta you listen to
me wow give me a Japanese place I'll
[__] he almost said something El what
the [__] is this uh this is India for
sure is India yeah look how dirty it is
exactly and also why does the look like
thaty do it look like it's [__]
likeon [__] it I'm clicking I'm click
Mumbai I'm clicking Mumbai I don't I
don't know dude and I have zero plans to
visit India just Mumbai man oh dude what
the
hell oh it's Kota I didn't even know
that was over there that place is really
poor what is this what the [__] is that
this silver testicles
oh you little rat Brian you're not
helping us now flag what what flag I
don't know American what flag is it
americ American education system come I
don't know I don't know man but I
already guessed blue yellow and red blue
yeah that's it could be Nigeria I'll
give you a hint guys they speak French
this is that's that's such a
misdirection hint it's crazy
no that's manipulative and I don't know
Monaco oh I'm close I'm close
and
Pasta Pasta no I don't know nothing
about your what was lose much I only
found it cuz I moved around until I saw
a sign that said Brussels and I knew it
was Belgium Park lck okay I had no idea
what it was how you play the game [__]
[__] know where the bever hill side
is live next to
it all right all right oh my god oh I
know where this is I know exactly where
this is I'm a dork oh I know where it is
now too because I can read Damas gosh I
I yeah yeah I wonder where this could be
is right on that sign this build in
eight though this actually eight like I
want to go here this build this building
Aid oh my gosh slay look at those Queens
at the top of the building slay Queens
Slay Slay I don't know where this is I
don't know either but Brian has slept
with a lot of Brazilian women that's why
he
knows can you stop talking about that
more than me on the internet I just
think it's funny like I imagine you in
real life hey where are you from I'm
Brazilian oh my friend Brian slept with
Lords of those do you know any woman
that he slept with do you know Brian do
you know any small fatherless children
what What
continent what continent is this in what
continent I just don't know where this
building is I'm just I'm just I'm
dropping the pen Venezuela I just
dropped a pen I just
had it's none of [__] oh my God it's
in where I know it's in man man
let's do Japan oh yeah let's
do the
we last I'm coming last for sure now
this makes your Japanese trip a business
expense taller now what the [__] like
what are we doing here this is kyodo
actually oh okay okay I don't know
actually where this is you're just
helping us cuz you feel bad I know where
Kyoto is that's totally is this near
monkey mountain that's a funny name all
right I just picked in the middle me too
I just picked ja I think it's left of
Osaka I'm
guess my gosh that was I got I didn't
know it was over there wow that was as
my goal is not to come last this
literally looks like where my Airbnb was
when I was here I'm not kidding I think
I know exactly where this not exactly
but I you go down the road you see the
old lady that gave you the oh I remember
she gives me old lady in the Tea House
who was getting me dressed for my tea
ceremony and didn't speak any English at
all and just talk the whole time I never
knew what she said
that's you're just like you reply she
just talked and you just went I was just
sweating and then after she got me
dressed the other girls were getting
dressed so she went and got me a tiny
little fan and set it down in front of
me without saying a word cuz I was all
sweaty a I'm going with Osaka that's
what I pick it's not Osaka Osaka is like
very modern and like American I thought
it was kazawa oh it's
tokyoa outside Tokyo you don't know [__]
man you should get a refund get a refund
yeah this looks like kazawa again that's
I mean Japan looks very similar a lot of
I'm terrified of moving forward and
around the corner and it's just like
Hiroshima flat land and I'm just like
what you okay that's only you was
thinking that by the
way okay I asked I I asked when I was
there the old lady reminded me okay the
shoko center and
my whatever that that sounded actually
good I heard a slur in there somewhere
me too I think there was I think you I
think you just offended all Jews uhoh uh
oh hold on wo wo wo just I'm completely
lost guys Ka wasaki I don't know
anything I don't know anything it
wasima outside ofosa was was hirosima
that's funny Brian it's so clean though
oh bro these vending bro these vending
machines look so cool the vending
machines are sick I'm not going to lie
this oh my God that's so nice everyone
looks like they they're respect there's
like beer vending machines [__] God I
want to go to one of them 711s that they
have on YouTube shorts sometimes there's
these people and they go and and they
just film what they get at 7-Eleven it
looks delicious that's a PO is that a
Pokemon car vending machine and I want
to go to a petrol station in Japan that
[__] is so cool the way they one right
here they take the hook you guys are a
definition of that Meme where it's like
a normal Hill and then there's another
Hill that's identical but in Japan freak
out it's that's literally you guys right
now I'm over it I'm over it it's not
even that's Japan right there baby okwa
I guess how the hell did you get that I
didn't even know that was part of Japan
that I'm this round sucked okay I agree
and I won and I agree with you look you
wearing your skirt I was all dressed for
Japan dude and I did
terrible you guys have been to a lot of
these cities I'm sure oh I lived in one
and I was wrong this is the East Coast
because has English Colonial building
stop telling us like why do you get mad
at me at scribo and [__] not know about
Ring the identity of of things and then
you yapping your mouth off this is
Delaware if I've ever done seen it sh
the [__]
up there it is f there it is who's Clos
as me uh pretty
close by 12 points I had to I just Panic
clicked on the map zoom in me too
there's no calculation oh my God they're
like this looks like near La oh this is
Memphis this is Memphis shut [__] EXA
yeah this is Memphis VES actually I
think this is CH no the Bass Pro no the
Bass Pro Shop the can you just we're
against each other too bad oh oh my God
I passed that all the [__] time I
can't find the Bass Pro though I don't
know where to look for that it's it's a
it's next don't tell him don't tell him
he's winning don't tell
him no
no don't do it immediately s went
Memphis I didn't see that but I thought
it was Tennessee it looked just like a
[__] hole place in
Tennessee Memphis is a [__] hole no
offense the comment section people from
Memphis is true true it's just true come
on whatever I'm just I don't care where
I'm picking I don't really care at this
stage damn you guys got right on it oh
my gosh I needed those points
impr oh my God six I just need to to
[__] up uh I don't oh well wonder where
this go I think
uh I think this is a bridge was this in
Spider-Man I think Spider-Man lives in
uh wait a second Philadelphia look at
him in the boat they're having a great
time 10 seconds Brian I I think it's the
I don't give a [__] I definitely picked
the rock yeah
I so close
dude holy [__] dude I was like this is
San Francisco it's just the wrong Bridge
was Spider-Man in San Francisco or no no
it's New York past can I just ask a
question why I had a hard time finding
you're in a park you're in a park we
were in spawned in a boat you spawned in
how are you in a park on the [__]
seesaw I couldn't find you're stupid as
[__] nowhere guys nowhere as well no
he's in the water at least he's in the
water I couldn't zoom in quick enough I
couldn't find know not in New York he's
actually in New
Jersey New Jersey City I need Africa man
I'm good with
Africa you give me some brown dirt and
brown people I'm gay oh my
God what God oh you guys obviously
haven't played geog guess or Africa very
much Africa baby
like dirty part of Africa with dogs look
at the on that guy packing bro he's got
a bigger dick than I do dude even the
dogs in Africa have bigger dicks crazy
oh my God it's insane oh my
God that dog is packing that dog I know
a big old [__] wiener [__] right
there oh nice dog it's a nice dog I
actually like this place I like how many
dogs they got EOP have a very fair skin
there's like a mix between Middle
Eastern and African so they have fair
skin which a lot of people there did all
right fine Brian if you're wrong you're
racist and they're and their dogs I knew
it was sou Africa pick Cape Cod or
whatever the Cape Town Cape Cod cap cape
cods in [__] Boston or Massachusetts
well yeah DN I listened to Bri and
regreted it I somehow got the most point
go I love look like oh my God this is oh
this is that Cod 4 map it is
look at that little guy this looks like
modern warfare that map on the big
Battlefield game mode they had what a
[__] my heart my heart right racist
racist this place sucks ass do you think
you going so you're not going to visit
here like you did Japan no why would I
visit you this is dirty and wet and bro
there's like a Desert Storm whoa someone
was playing scribbl on the wall this is
really sad this makes me sad I'm saying
this is why is it Mak you sad want them
to have a 7 11 and a darking donut then
to be happy there's no Starbucks M oh my
gow they drew they drew a dog with a big
dick on the
wall what know just a normal dog in
Africa we've seen oh my God I'm going to
say I don't really I don't really know
to be honest could be Somalia or
something guess Chad [__]
yeah I'll take it santal yeah I will say
they were Sagal black that was yeah I've
watched enough of the World Cup to know
there's a you know what me Brian you
know what I mean Brian when you watch
the World Cup and you see the African
teams and they like wow that one you
know what I'm talking about Jesus
what good I'm get I'm getting canceled
for this relax relax relax relax N word
this even my dogs are lashing out right
now they're lashing out oh my that's cuz
they have tiny dick syndrome hear
they're dogs oh oh I know where this is
definitely
yeah yeah yeah yeah I do know where it
is I guess na
Kenya I thought maybe Egypt too but it's
yeah it's way Tunisia I should have
guessed Tunisia to be all
right only suck at this dude I told you
I'm going to win Africa oh here we go
again not map oh no man that gu that
dude just be vibing Bro Look at that
chair laning and everything big chilling
I like I like Africa have you been no
but don't think about it I consider it
it's on the list all right I guessed I
guessed I guess is it Zambia not [__]
telling you a goddamn [__]
thing no it ain't Lagos I'll just guess
Lagos anyway it's Kenya oh [__] how did
you get Kenya cuz I saw a sign that said
Kenya power
oh but I was thinking in that direction
I was going to say that's crazy that's
crazy Africa is so diverse coming last
by the way you're coming last in your
hometown yeah Nola there's Jesus on this
van where where's Jesus whoa what's up
Jesus there he is it is this is a French
Colony as well it might be Ethiopia I
don't think don't they speak French and
Jesus don't they speak
Jesus yeah all right we got to lock in
and hope this is 5,000 points or else we
we we not looking too good and I asked
for Africa
Togo I don't know what is
but what a [__] guess the Africa
challenge all right well never play this
wild is more African than Nola he he he
has also said the nword so that makes
sense M hung like an African
dog have you seen these dogs in Africa
oh man talk about manhood big old dog
wieners tell you huge CGS tiny peees
they're doing something to the dogs in
America small peees
[Music]